Now you learn how you can add funds to an application and attached you find a zip file with the funds
I want to add for Dad and the assets folder.
I'll add a new fonts folder and then it's the open Sands bold and regular TDM file which is in the zip
file you find attached that I want to add here.
Now adding the files alone won't do much as you of course know.
Instead we have to load these fonts and we do that in the app jazz file which is our starting file that
starts the entire app in there.
We need to import everything as fund from Expo dash fund.
And this might not be available in your project yet so therefore you might want to run npm install dash
dash save Expo fund.
To be sure debt at Subway level to install that package and with that installed you can import fund
from there like that.
And I also want to import the app loading component from Expo that's the component that will prolong
these splash screen when the app starts until our fonts are loaded so that we only see something on
the screen when all our assets and in this case these are the funds are really away lable and are really
there now with that with these imports added We can add a function here outside of our component function
which I'll name fetch funds.
And this is a function which will in the end use fund.
So what I'm importing here load async and then we pass an object where we describe the data we want
to load and that's the open sans font which I'll register under open since we add this by requiring
this from dot slash assets funds open sends not bold but regular CTF and then in addition we have open
dash sans dash bold that's the other font I want to register by requiring it from assets funds open
sense bold ETF like this.
Now we need to return this because load async returns a promise and I want to return this in my fetch
funds function because with this we can use it to with the app loading component and that's a pattern
you'll learn about early in the course.
So the case is brand new to you.
Make sure you go through the average sections of this course first.
So now we can use fetch funds with app loading and we do this inside of our app component in there.
I will manage some state and I do this with the help of the U.S. State hook which we import from react
and I'll named as state fund loaded and set front loaded and call U.S. state and initially that's false
because initially default hasn't been loaded.
And then here we can check if the fund has not been loaded which initially is the case then I want to
return the app loading component instead of my normal app content because in the app loading component
we can at the start async property and point at fetch funds which kicks off this fund fetching function.
And once this is done the function we pass to unfinished will be called and in dysfunctional simply
set fund loaded to true like this so this makes sure that we simply keep the splash screen open until
our fonts are loaded and this will be rendered until we review it loaded our funds sent there after
will instead load discontent now with that we're making sure that we're importing our funds and that
we can start using them and we'll need them throughout this module.
With that it's now time to get started with actually adding what we all came for the navigation.